README.md, before:

# FlyNow ✈️

**FlyNow** is an innovative software powered by OpenAI's cutting-edge AI technology.  
Designed for those who are tired of wasting time finding the cheapest flights between various destinations, **FlyNow** has you covered!

## Why FlyNow?  
With **FlyNow**, there's no need to endlessly search through multiple websites.  
Thanks to a multi-agent architecture, enhanced with various tools, you can get all the travel information you need with just one query!  

## Features  
- **Chat Interface:** Access through **Streamlit** or **Telegram**, making it easy to interact wherever you prefer.  
- **Comprehensive Travel Information:**  
  - Find flight deals.  
  - Discover hotels near your destination.  
  - Get real-time geolocation-based recommendations.  
- **Additional Insights:**  
  - Weather updates.  
  - Local events.  
  - Suggested itineraries for your trip.  

## Note  
The project code is currently **hidden** because we are working on further ideas that we are not ready to make public. However, we are sharing this repository to demonstrate its existence and promote the project in case someone is interested in contributing.

## Want a Demo?  
If you don't believe it, reach out to us! We'd be happy to provide **live demonstrations** to showcase FlyNow in action.

## Curious?  
For the most curious ones, here’s the link to a **demonstration video**: [FlyNow Demo (Hackaton 2024 - Catania)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BYvgBMRvL0)

Commit message:

Made the code public and added full implementation

README.md, after:

# FlyNow ✈️

**FlyNow** is an innovative software powered by OpenAI's cutting-edge AI technology.  
Designed for those who are tired of wasting time finding the cheapest flights between various destinations, **FlyNow** has you covered!

## Why FlyNow?  
With **FlyNow**, there's no need to endlessly search through multiple websites.  
Thanks to a multi-agent architecture, enhanced with various tools, you can get all the travel information you need with just one query!  

## Features  
- **Chat Interface:** Access through **Streamlit** or **Telegram**, making it easy to interact wherever you prefer.  
- **Comprehensive Travel Information:**  
  - Find flight deals.  
  - Discover hotels near your destination.  
  - Get real-time geolocation-based recommendations.  
- **Additional Insights:**  
  - Weather updates.  
  - Local events.  
  - Suggested itineraries for your trip.  

## Note  
There are still some ongoing developments and new ideas in progress.

## Want a Demo?  
If you don't believe it, reach out to us! We'd be happy to provide **live demonstrations** to showcase FlyNow in action.

## Curious?  
For the most curious ones, here’s the link to a **demonstration video**: [FlyNow Demo (Hackathon 2024 - Catania)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BYvgBMRvL0)
